Absolute marriage practices. This is what absolute marriage practices. This is explaining that we
are relaxing on the state of the awareness.
Look at this. We read, "Aa" is the syllable, Sanskrit syllable, which means the absolute natural.
It's beyond of the complexities, beyond the beginning, ending, and beyond anything.
It's all natural states, beyond the conceptions. And they said, "We invoke the lama, the omnip
resent awareness."
That is absolute truth. That is our awareness. Ourness, omnipresent awareness, emptiness.
Relaxing our mind in that natural state, we invoke. That means, what is invocation?
Invocation is just merely rediscovering our or your inner nature. That is named here as invoke.
You invoke, you breath, you highlight that consciousness. That is relaxing that. Staying and
relaxing that natural stateless.
Then we are going to do all these ten marriage activities. Those are, each line is like that, one,
so it's one, two, three.
There's ten lines. These are all the marriage activities or the absolute truth. And what are those?
Those are invoke is one. And "be seated" is two. And then "perform" is three. And "man offering" is
four.
And "we confess" is five. And "rejosing" is six. And then "turning the veil of dharma" is seven.
And then "remaining" is seven. And then "dedicating" is eight. And then "me attending" is like me.
These are aspirations. Aspiration is ten. So those are ten points of this accumulation practices.
So now, first is your highlight of your inner nature, which is the absolute teacher, absolute Lama,
absolute Buddha.
That is ever presented within our self. Highlight that, call it. When you highlight that, call it.
Now we are going to keep that all the time without any exit.
You might be seated upon inward throne. That means we're not let going to fell down that with dual
ities. Not going to let fell down. So maintain that presence forever as it is.
And then, by recognizing that, call it, as it is, is that is then the postration, homage. With
great joy and great appreciation.
Just endure. As without subtle object. This is the great postration of the absolute levels.
Then, what you make an offering? It's already existing. Already inherent, call it, is the offering,
it is abundance of this nature.
So here, all, and offer all that appears within the ground of beings. All, and offer all that
appears within the phenomena of the cosmos, cosmos of the phenomena.
Everything but ever appear, all ground of the beings, that must be, must be. So, that is what we
offer.
It's already, there is nothing to give, like as offering, as sucking object. Everything what you
see, what you hear, what you feel, and sense is the luxuries of the awareness.
It's already, it's never came, and never gone. It's ever. That is the great luxuries, great
richness, and just reaffirming what is solemnly.
And that is great offerings. What do you confess in here? Here, I confess, not recognize that
nature until now.
That is, there is nothing to confess, as wrong and bad, except not recognize these marvelous,
awesome richness qualities, qualities that is.
So, as we recognize today, we are going to maintain, keep up this call, as it is.
And the rejoice is, then, there is a rejoice on great happy and joy, that state of beyond, meeting
and departing.
That again is, it's not, never going to go away. Whether we recognize that, never not recognize, it
's not going to change anything.
But today, how wonderful, this is always here. That is what I rejoice, I'm happy to listen to this
nature.
And then, because in turn, the will of dharmon, or echoes of the song of emptiness.
This is song of this nature. The words of the wisdom, words of the compassion, word of the loving
kindness, is the deep core of nature.
It's the energy, movement of the Buddha-nature, or the awareness-lama, awareness of the lama,
absolute awareness-lama of the emptiness.
Emptiness is circled and harbored by the voice of love and compassion, on the visible level and the
subtle levels.
The subtle level is the ongoing running energy, energy of the movement.
And which is, then, again, just as it is, continually to ignite that guidance, that energy, that
rhythm.
So, that is, again, it's turning the will of dharmon.
And then, and that remains in support of the presence. And that is always here, all the time.
To hear and remain all from this, and that is what it is. Then, wish to stay forever.
Oh, yes, it's forever. I'm not just wishing. It is here all the time.
And that is how wonderful, how beautiful I call that nature as it is.
And this, whatever accumulated through this, whatever the energy by recognizing these qualities,
that means I will dedicate it to the out of them,
to all the sentient beings, through the dharmakaya status, or the dharmadhatu.
That means I delegated this nature to the space.
The space is pervasive to everyone. Everyone, therefore, there is nothing have been discriminated.
I dedicated, I just murdered this energy, this power to the space, so that it pervasive to
everywhere.
By that, everyone reach, everyone become a youthful vast body of the ordinary, their nature, free
from the dualities, free from the deluded status.
That is the aspiration free. So, all this is known as the worst of merits.
Relax our mind in the awareness state, as in the beginning, and with that, and then can highlight
of this call at one after another, that.
And this is then the worst of merits of the absolute truth.
This merits the absolute truth to capture this realization, to bring up this realization.
Otran said, then again, to withdraw, then it devotions. Devotions, confidence are very important in
teaching.
Otran said, that will really bring the more meaningful, more highlight, and we can realize this
nature as it is.
So, that is really about this accumulate in the merits.